claudine louis each of us feels
protected and safe at home
the fractions of the dwelling affects
seriously this feeling of well-being and
felt more painfully than
possible economic damage a
window without safety equipment
do not interfere with the intrusion of bad people
intentioned
in most cases the opening one
which is strong is the glazing and more
rarely concerned to prevent
fractions of the glazing it is necessary to use a
laminated safety glazing consisting of
two sheets of glass glued between
they by a special film his windows
are almost impossible to push in and
at the same time they reduce the risks
of accident the fragments of glass
remaining glued to equipment films
security or windows
effectively against the attractions and
reduces the risk of injury
breakage of glazing and nova tv rolls
special mushrooms will fit together
in security pledges and prevents the
window to be forces on all
windows and doors of the fine range
strahl these rollers shaped
mushroom are positioned at a
maximum distance of 70 centimeters one
the other
a standard window of 1 meter by one
meter 40 is therefore doted with seven points
closing
the total number of closing points
with security pledge depends on the
burglar resistance class
desired the resistance class rc1 n
provides that near the four angles
the window is equipped with pledge of
security for incoming joinery
in the resistance class rc2 all
the locking points are made
in security version that way he
is almost impossible to force
opening it even using a foot of
doe in addition to an antiperforation plate
metal protects the mechanism
possible break-in with a drill
the window can also be equipped with a
handle with the or with a handle with
buttons
in everyday use the
premium components from
shoeing guarantee an excellent
comfort for opening and closing
windows for example the device
automatic lifting of the leaf
installed as standard allows the
correct positioning and facilitates
farm durr additionally finished strahl offers
a wide range of equipment
additional as for example the
raged was the opposite which allows for
reduce opening also low back bread
fine strahl to feel safe